The truth came to our home through my mother.
I was never seriously interested in the truth.
Where we grew up, education was very important.
A person needed to make money and live a lavish life.
So that's the life I chose, to study, to get higher education
so that I could have what others had.
Although they could see that I wasn't interested in the truth,
my mother and brother did not give up on me.
When I came back from school in January,
my mother ordered the examining the scripture's daily booklet for me.
Year after year, I always had the examining the scripture's daily booklet and the Bible.
She made sure that although I wasn't attending meetings,
at least I had literature.
Besides that, my younger brother, the one I was close to,
decided to take the truth seriously.
When I came back from school, I saw my brother getting a Bible study of his own
and I was surprised to see him studying the Bible
and noticed that he had prepared.
He cared about and loved what he was learning.
That's when I understood that the Bible changes lives.
A scripture that comes to mind is the Hosea 11 verse 4.
There it shows that Jehovah pulls us with cords of love and kindness.
In my situation, Jehovah did this.
So I made the decision to be regular at the congregation meetings.
And I finally started studying the Bible with someone in 2007
and got baptized in 2008.
My family really encouraged me. They never gave up on me.
And I encouraged parents not to give up on their children.
They must continue encouraging them
and have the hope that Jehovah God will draw them to the organization
because they have good hearts.